you
[Music]
daddy
hello it's Peter Spencer I'm here about
selling the house is anyone home
[Music]
is it detective Muldoon
this is Peter Spencer something happened
to me at 44 Raber and drive someone was
murdered at the house why did you never
go into that place something never felt
right about it looks like we got another
one do you think that the body we found
related
I went to the house police department I
[Music]
think something followed me home know
what's going on what's not we need to
leave right now
[Applause]
[Music]
that's the attorney representing
Adrienne's trust I'm required to read a
prepared statement Cecelia although our
relationship was far from perfect I
thought that you would talk to me rather
than run away okay what happened to him
he cut his wrists for his final wishes
you're getting five million dollars
contingent of course on the fine print a
campaign ruled to be mentally
incompetent
it just doesn't make any sense what
Adrienne wouldn't kill himself
listen I'm getting your freedom back
okay
don't let him haunt you I'm scared you
don't have to be scared of him anymore
he was a sociopath completely in control
of everything he said that wherever I
went he would find me walk right up to
me and I wouldn't be able to see him
okay someone's sitting in that chair
they found something they can't prove
what I'm experiencing you need help
Adrian is dead
I went to sell us today he's not dead I
have a pile of ashes in box that but
disagree with you he has figured out a
way to be in physical only thing more
brilliant than inventing something that
makes you invisible I was coming up with
the perfect way to torture you even in
death Adrian is true genius was how he
got in people's heads don't come any
closer and I'm not crazy
you're saying the person trying to kill
you
is in the room right now but we can't
see him
[Music]
who you are
there is an elevator in the elevator you
press the button to the floor with no
name
behind those doors is a life you always
dreamt up
[Music]
the pilot with here this weekend you
will be our guests
here anything and everything is possible
no service it's not everything is
possible
good evening I'm mr. Urich let me
officially welcome you to Fantasy Island
[Music]
[Applause]
curious how this all works what if your
fantasy involves a person from your life
Holograms like to [ __ ] what if it's
somebody who died Tupac so what's your
fantasy revenge on a childhood bully at
the your life is about to change I hope
you ready
that is really good hologram there is
only one fantasy per guest
and you must see your fantasy through
life no matter what oh my god that's
really her porch
this is not what I meant what the hell
is this place
people died here the islands twisting
what we asked
[Applause]
we weren't brought here to have our own
fantasies we were brought here to be a
part of something else
I'm your friend
[Music]
you
have you ever been a nanny this is my
first live in job well I hope you know
what you're doing the children are very
special Kate that's our beds use your
friends must love it here I have no
friends you have no friends
yep well you have one now maybe nothing
she had to suffering it's not that
simple I don't I'm not part of the house
why not don't wanna hello shouldn't be
in here
what happened to your last nanny like
I'd tell you need to take charge Hecate
I know what you're afraid of keeping the
lights on will keep you safe
can you please stop
yeah I'm laying there and I'm not going
anywhere
promise promise cross my heart moves
down
every one guys miles did you see them
anymore
stop now
[Applause]
bad dreams
[Music]
nine-one-one what is your emergency
hello hello
are you there
is anyone with you did you get you a
safe area
hello
[Music]
Fairy Tail has a way of getting into
your head even before you hear it
somehow you just know it and it always
went like this pleased to make your
acquaintance I'm called Gretel and this
rough one here is my brother Hansel tell
me how you came to be in my woods
there's too much and is it right you're
scared or something wrong here castle
dia I'd hate for you to start something
you can't stop
look at this
all those years in the big city we
finally got out we're living the dream
maybe it is a dream
[Music]
then everything just blew up big flash
like a pink light or actually I don't
even know what color it was it wasn't
like any color I'd ever seen before
looks like a meteorite
it's radioactive I mean it's from space
right meteorites are Germany no more
dangerous than ordinary rocks okay
something that they just disappear did
you plant those no wart you care for a
sec oh god stop who's talking to you
[Music]
it's in the static it's in the moisture
sin here is out there
and what's out there is in here now
everything's under control you know in
denial nothing new from the meteorite
changes everything around it
[Music]
it's just good color
can you believe me now I don't know why
I believe anymore
[Applause]
[Music]
everything's gonna be a-okay
did we just send me a picture his thing
seriously
I think he's gonna happen to be a
girlfriend I mean don't you think those
Oh
how would I know I can't seem to get a
boyfriend yeah word if you just put
yourself out there oh he's cute
can I talk to him give it to me oh so
you have a secret admirer no I don't oh
so now you're ready to go on a date I
think so I mean I know we haven't seen
each other in person but you let me know
more about each other than people who
meet and normally I have an idea
Halloween this is Friday I saw an ad for
a warehouse party okay what would I go
in how about a zombie cheerleader you
are the most beautiful dead girl I've
ever seen
thank you good morning Sadie
now do you know my name is Chelsea your
name is Sadie now who are you I'm Sadie
I'm stopping us from getting into
trouble what's your name sister Sadie
your real name
it's Sadie good girl
you need to bleach your hair now why
because Brad says so everything is
because Brad says so
something wrong Sadie you can tell me
this big mom this is your new family
does anyone even try to find a way out
don't talk about that we have to work
together it's our only chance
don't wait dope I'm not your sister
[Music]
he's planning to kill you today you're
just trying to turn me against him
[Music]
you